TIFU by looking through my girlfriends phone

As the title says, I fucked up so bad. My girlfriend and I have been dating for about 9 months, we’re 21 and 19. We love eachother, we trust eachother, and we have nothing to hide from eachother. I was sleeping over at her place and couldn’t fall asleep, it was about 3 am. She was sound asleep, and I had gone through every social media app I could on my phone, and was so bored but just couldn’t fall asleep. So I don’t know what got into me, but I decided to look through her phone, particularly her Snapchat memories. I trust her, I have no reason to believe she’s cheating on me or being unloyal, I suppose I was just bored so I did it. And I was right, there was nothing to worry about, she doesn’t talk to any guys, there was nothing. But as I got down into her Snapchat memories from a year ago I started to see some things I wish I hadn’t. Around that time she was into hookup culture, one night stands and what not. I understand that’s her past, it bothers me a little but not enough to end things. But I saw snap and snap about how good the dick was from multiple guys, rating the top 10 dick she’s gotten, the extravagant moves they did in bed, and just a lot and a lot of bragging about the guys she hooked up with. I don’t view her any differently, as I knew about her past, just not in such detail. I put her phone down, cried, and ended up falling asleep. This morning I woke up and didn’t talk about it with her as I don’t want to make her feel bad for her past or anything, and I also don’t want her to know I looked through her phone, as that’s so out of character for me. 

Does anyone have any advice for me?

TL;DR I looked through my girlfriends phone and saw things I didn’t want to, she’s not cheating and I know it’s my fault for looking, but I’m not sure how to go about bringing it up

Edit: Some of you did not hold back at all lol. I guess I deserve that. One thing I should add is that prior to meeting her, I was a complete virgin. She was my first kiss, my first everything, not sure if that changes anything but I figured i should add that.

Another addition I’d like to make is about my background. I grew up in a very, very overprotective and religious household, I was home schooled and attended church diligently every week, as well as other extra curriculars that I could do at church. I was raised with the idea of saving sex for marriage, which didn’t always sit right with me, and that was never something I planned on living by. I’ve since moved out of my parents house and live at my own place. But having been raised in a household like that for 20 years, and being sheltered and only interacting with people of that belief, hookups and ONS are a completely new idea and thought to me. Again, not sure if this changes anything, but do with that information what you will